create room Main Hall desc You and your partner have been teleported to the main hall of an enemy ship. You are here to commandeer, but know almost nothing of this misterious enemy. You prepare to delve into the darkness ahead. Maybe you should try to find a source of light before moving ahead. 
create item Gas Lantern desc A peculiar place to find such an antiquated item. You remember learning that the last Earthlings had to rely on these devices after the devistation. At least it works.
set item Gas Lantern perplayer
put item Gas Lantern in room Main Hall


create room Observation Deck desc The Observation deck seems to have been ravaged by some beast. The mess of the deck is juxtaposed by the beauty of the endless frontier that can be viewed through the main window. The void entices you to leave, and transfer back to your ship so that you might live to disover what lies beyond. 
connect room Observation Deck to Main Hall via east
connect room Main Hall to Observation Deck via west
create item Pipe Shotgun desc Another curious find. Have you stumbled upon the ship of a collector of some kind?
set item Pipe Shotgun perplayer
put item Pipe Shotgun in room Observation Deck


create room Armory desc The armory is the only lit room that can be seen, but is stripped clean of all weapons. Only used shell casings populate the floor. What did these people encounter? 
connect room Armory to Main Hall via west
connect room Main Hall to Armory via east
create item Beast Head desc A festering head of a monster. Where did it come from? You have never seen anything like it before. 
set item Beast Head unique
put Beast Head in room Armory 


create room Officer Quarters desc An array of doors labelled with the names of officers. Are those Earthling names? You recognize such names from learning about your human heritage in school. 
connect room Officer Quarters to Main Hall via north
connect room Main Hall to Officer Quarters via south
create item Cutlass desc A steel weapon from the Pre-Devistation period of Earth. 
set item Cutlass perplayer
put item Cutlass in room Officer Quarters


create room Environment Chamber desc A room mimicking the conditions of a desert. You don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and gets everywhere. Ahead, something protrudes from the sand.  
connect room Environment Chamber to Officer Quarters via east
connect room Officer Quarters to Environment Chamber via west
create item Shard Blade desc The massive blade stand almost as tall as yourself, but is almost weightless too. As you touch the blade screams fill your ears.
set item Shard Blade unique
put item Shard Blade in room Environment Chamber


create room Laboratory desc A simple laboratory. Everything is in its place... Strange. 
connect room Laboratory to Officer Quarters via west
connect room Officer Quarters to Laboratory via east
create item Alien Idol desc A minniature alien statue. Seems to almost take the shape of a key...
set item Alien Idol unique
put item Alien Idol in room Laboratory 

 
create room Escape Pods desc You see a row of executed escape pods. There is one left in its dock, but can only house one person at time...
connect room Escape Pods to Officer Quarters via south
connect room Officer Quarters to Escape Pods via north
create item Escape Pod Key Card desc A simple key card that appears to activate an escape pod. Will you use it?
set item Escape Pod Key Card unique
put item Escape Pod Key Card in room Escape Pods


create room Brig desc Rows of empty cells fill the brig. All but one. An absolute unit of an Aussie is chained up and unconsious. His sell is labelled MAX. 
connect room Brig to Escape Pods via east
connect room Escape Pods to Brig via west


create room Medical Suite desc The medical suite contains a bed surrounded by smashed monitoring devices. Blood stains the walls and you see the body of a human, dead on the floor. A human? But you are from the last human tribe in the galaxy, how can this be?
connect Medical Suite to Escape Pods via west
connect Escape Pods to Medical Suite via east
create item Note desc You find a bloodied not crumpled in the hand of the dead man. It reads "Deliver Max." What could this mean?
set item Note unique
put item Note in room Medical Suite


 
